The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Do not wait for the opportunity, create it.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that.
Well done is better than well said.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is.
You become what you believe.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
That which does not kill us, makes us stronger.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
If you can dream it, you can achieve it.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose.
Darkness reigns at the foot of the lighthouse.
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you.
The secret of change is to focus all your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
We become what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Nothing in life is to be feared, only to be understood.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
You have power over your mind, not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love.
Not all those who wander are lost.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
The only source of knowledge is experience.
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different.
Darkness is the absence of light; your purpose is to be the light.
The secret of living well and longer is to eat half, walk double, laugh triple and love without measure.
Dream big and dare to fail.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
The best revenge is massive success.
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential — these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear — not absence of fear.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
The phoenix must burn to emerge.
Light tomorrow with today.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says I am possible.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.
